Members of the Li Fanniu family
You are too brave
Mom, we have to stop doing this
Mom, I told you to shut up
Sister said me
Did you hear that?
Are you deaf too?
I heard it, I heard it.
Excuse me, Shubo got the wrong information.
Mom can't hear it wrong, can you?
That's right
Did say that
It was his moment of fit.
Are you doing this now?
Permanent liability
Mom also took the life of the eternal root
That's it, hahaha.
Lin Fan's mother had already emphasized it
You are the only heir to the Lin Group
The future of the entire Lin Group is yours
If so
Why do you care about this stake?
Regardless of Shu Sheng's shares
Has it been transferred to your name?
This will all belong to the company in the future
What I said makes sense
eldest sister
With you today
The suffering that has nothing to do with Dad
What happens?
I'd be happy to.